hello people i am student 67 and today
wave with the first wm 2014 namely
Let's start with a micro fighters
are in the plus
yes that's the winter wants 2014 appeared
So we can do a brand new one with the
carton yes so in front is first micro
fighters and a picture and this about 2750
28's name and age recommendation and
then you see up here too
consciously as a logo this is different than
otherwise benz sets in normal put that
yes so i was so sun micro almost
I do not know if I did everything
you can write her comments
From above, packaging looks like this only
One to one makes you strong and looks like that
the ones from the back are still here
other web educated yet 1
fraction from the side of the bottom
other side
yes then for guidance is small
yes is the same as the front
the picture on the packaging aside
that there not as a recommendation again
it says
we have to request the figure is built
and then story tank is listed
and her son download ours
profitability for smartphones yes so
he is me with the figure of the blue stone
yes, I did not include it
so done
here is still such a plaster
There is yes that is the new one
Glass roof and the helmet had the same
stay like the 200 mb 212 have been added
the sensible first goal of last year
only in the white gate so is the of
avision second the face as well
and the legs are now printed too
Yes
then we come to the cultural heritage of the sees
actually good and yes you can stop
figurine they insert from above
so from the beginning
that you 're actually using behind
the figure backing up and back
ahead
yes the culprits can be turned up front
So in the back there are actually two
cluster our cockpit disc and such
read still cut missiles fire
The care is not quite so good last
laughed and it's a bit too
hard to fire
so how much did the now I know
Not
and the figure come here as well
and so that's good then just memorize
it's in here so it can go on
the figure can still create such blaas
The hand really presses like that
appearance
and if you are still the recognized
such as in at can actually
also a pretty good battle scenes
ask and get along with fighting
yes that's actually for smaller ones
thought or so collectors and youtube the
to intervene apart from the figure
which is getting pretty good too
often use but as I said
only included in this set until now
Maybe we have in the summer world
rest now
Number two or three of these plans
contained
yes, but that was it here and now
then until next time goalies